docs(collection): document the customize collection (#653)
ForestAdmin/agent-nodejs: docs/agent-customization/README.md

Customization refers to a series of actions that enable you to personalize your agent, data source, or collection.

An agent is an HTTP server that serves the Forest Admin front-end application.
A data source is a database or an API that you want to connect to Forest Admin.
A collection is a set of data that you want to manage in Forest Admin.

> You have the option to modify your agent by incorporating data sources, utilizing plugins, customizing collections, and charts that will be displayed in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among other things, you can modify your agent by incorporating data sources, using plugins, customizing collections, and adding charts.
```

Additionally, you can personalize your data sources by offering choices that cater to all data source types.

> Lastly, you can adapt your collections by including fields, actions, segments, relations between the data sources and other functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, you can adapt your collections by including actions, fields, relations, segments between the data sources and other functionalities.
```
